#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
alembic==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
amqp==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restful
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babelex
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
cachecontrol==0.12.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firebase-admin
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-crc32c
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
email-validator==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-validator
firebase-admin==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
firebase==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-admin==1.5.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-babelex==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-security
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-jwt-extended==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-login==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-security
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-security
flask-migrate==2.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-security
flask-rebar==1.12.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-restful==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-security==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-validator
flask-testing==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-validator==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-security
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-babelex
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-rebar
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-security
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-testing
    #   flask-wtf
gcloud==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==1.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
google-api-python-client==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth==1.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
isbnlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-validator
iso3166==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-validator
    #   schwifty
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-security
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babelex
jws==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-jwt
mako==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-rebar
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cachecontrol
oauth2client==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
passlib==1.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-security
proto-plus==1.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
py-moneyed==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-validator
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycountry==20.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   schwifty
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pydantic==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-jwt-extended
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   validator
python-dotenv==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
python-jwt==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-validator
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
requests-toolbelt==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cachecontrol
    #   firebase
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-toolbelt
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
schwifty==2020.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-validator
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restful
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   oauth2client
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-i18n
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
speaklater==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babelex
sqlalchemy-i18n==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
sqlalchemy-utils==0.36.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy-i18n
sqlalchemy==1.4.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-i18n
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
validator==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-wtf

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
